Build Log Archiving on Custom S3 Buckets (#2115)
buildkite/docs: pages/pipelines/managing_log_output.md

> By default, build logs are stored in encrypted form in Buildkite's managed Amazon S3 buckets, but you can instead store the archived build logs in your private AWS S3 bucket.

Reviewer: Adding content from the warning below:

```suggestion
By default, build logs are stored in encrypted form in Buildkite's managed Amazon S3 buckets, but you can instead store the archived build logs in your private AWS S3 bucket. After storing the logs in your S3 bucket, Buildkite does not retain a copy of the logs.
```

> >📘

Reviewer: Let's add a title for this note.

```suggestion
>📘 Enterprise feature
```

> > This feature is only available to customers on the Buildkite <a href="https://buildkite.com/pricing">Enterprise</a> plan and is applied at organisation level. Enterprise customers with multiple organisations need to send a list to which organisation to enable this feature.

Reviewer: Just a few style nitpicks:

- Update link text.
- Use US spelling.

```suggestion
> This feature is only available to customers on the <a href="https://buildkite.com/pricing">Enterprise plan</a> and is applied at the organization level. If you have multiple organizations, send support a list of the organizations where this feature should be enabled.
```

> 

Reviewer: Adding content from the note below:

````suggestion

The folder structure and file format are as follows and are not customizable: 

```text
{BUILDKITE_PIPELINE_ID}/{BUILDKITE_BUILD_ID}/{BUILDKITE_JOB_ID}.log
```

````

Reviewer: Applied locally and pushed

    }
    ```

>     >📘
>     > Folder structure and file format will be as follow: {BUILDKITE_PIPELINE_ID}/{BUILDKITE_BUILD_ID}/{BUILDKITE_JOB_ID}.log. This file format and folder structure is currently not customisable. 

Reviewer: I think this also belongs in the intro section rather than during the procedure steps. I'll add a suggestion for how I see that working.

```suggestion
```

>     
>     > 🚧 Log Retention
>     > After build logs are archived to customer's S3 buckets, Buildkite won't retain a copy of those logs internally. 

Reviewer: I think this belongs in the intro paragraph rather than a callout. I've added a suggestion to move include it there.

```suggestion
```
